The Resources System    {#MicroServices_Resources}
====================

The C++ Micro Services library provides a generic resources system to embed arbitrary files into a
module's shared library (the current size limitation is based on the largest source code file size
your compiler can handle).

The following features are supported:

 * Embed arbitrary data into shared or static modules or executables.
 * Resources are accessed via a Module instance, providing individual resource lookup and access
   for each module.
 * Resources are managed in a tree hierarchy, modeling the original child - parent relationship
   on the file-system.
 * The ModuleResource class provides a high-level API for accessing resource information and
   traversing the resource tree.
 * The ModuleResourceStream class provides an STL input stream derived class for the seamless usage
   of embedded resource data in third-party libraries.


Embedding Resources in a %Module
-------------------------------

Resources are embedded by compiling a source file generated by the `usResourceCompiler` executable
into a module's shared or static library (or into an executable).

If you are using CMake, consider using the provided `usFunctionEmbedResources` CMake macro which
handles the invocation of the `usResourceCompiler` executable and sets up the correct file
dependencies.

Accessing Resources at Runtime
------------------------------

Each module provides access to its embedded resources via the Module class which provides methods
returning ModuleResource objects. The ModuleResourceStream class provides a std::istream compatible
object to access the resource contents.

The following example shows how to retrieve a resource from each currently loaded module whose path
is specified by a module property:

\snippet uServices-resources/main.cpp 2

This example could be enhanced to dynamically react to modules being loaded and unloaded, making use
of the popular "extender pattern" from OSGi.

Limitations
-----------

Currently, the system has the following limitations:

 * At most one file generated by the `usResourceCompiler` executable can be compiled into a module's
   shared library (you can work around this limitation by creating static modules and importing them).
 * The size of embedded resources is limited by the file size your compiler can handle. However, the file
   size is the sum of the size of all resources embedded into a module plus a small overhead.
